These .tifs were derived from the Hawaii Rainfall Atlas:http://rainfall.geography.hawaii.edu/downloads.html

Giambelluca, T.W., Q. Chen, A.G. Frazier, J.P. Price, Y.-L. Chen, P.-S. Chu, J.K. Eischeid, and D.M. Delparte, 2013: Online Rainfall Atlas of Hawai‘i. Bull. Amer. Meteor. Soc. 94, 313-316, doi: 10.1175/BAMS-D-11-00228.1.

Their use is subject to the following conditions:

Conditions of Use

All maps, data, graphs, and narrative material available on this web site are subject to the following conditions.

Images. All color and isohyet rainfall map images presented here are available for reproduction and distribution. The map source must be included in any reproduction.

Gridded Map and Tabular Data. All gridded and tabular data and all other data presented here are available for reproduction and distribution for non-commercial use. The data source must be prominently stated whenever presenting these data in any form or any product derived in whole or part from these data.

Crediting the Source. Any reproduction or use of the images, maps, graphs, data, other information, or any product derived in whole or part from these data must credit the source in the following manner:

Giambelluca, T.W., Q. Chen, A.G. Frazier, J.P. Price, Y.-L. Chen, P.-S. Chu, J.K. Eischeid, and D.M. Delparte, 2013: Online Rainfall Atlas of Hawai‘i. Bull. Amer. Meteor. Soc. 94, 313-316, doi: 10.1175/BAMS-D-11-00228.1.

Sponsors of the 2011 Rainfall Atlas of Hawaiʻi. The 2011 Rainfall Atlas of Hawai‘i was developed under an agreement between the State of Hawaiʻi Commission on Water Resource Management and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Honolulu District under Section 22 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974.

No Warranty. We have made every effort to make all images, maps, graphs, data, and other information provided on this web site accurate and error-free. However, we do not guarantee the accuracy of any images, maps, graphs, data, or other information. All content is provided without warranty of any kind.